3A

Procedure to import Eclipse, Cloudsim in your system

Step 1: Link to download Eclipse and download Eclipse for Windows 64bit into your Local machine
https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/release/kepler/sr1/eclipse-ide- java-developers

Step 2: Download cloudsim-3.0.3 from git hub repository in your local machine

https://github.com/Cloudslab/cloudsim/releases/tag/cloudsim-4.0


Step 3: Download commons-maths3-3.6.1 from git hub repository in your local machine https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-math/download_math.cgi

Step 4: Downloaded Eclipse, cloudsim-code-master and Apache Commons Math 3.6.1 in your local machine and extract cloudsim-3.0.3 and Apache Commons Math 3.6.1

Step 5: First of all, navigate to the folder where you have unzipped the eclipse folder and open Eclipse.exe

Step 6: Now within Eclipse window navigate the menu: File -> New -> Project, to open the new project wizard

Step 7: A ‗New Project‗ wizard should open. There are a number of options displayed and you have to find & select the ‗Java Project‗ option, once done click ‘Next‗

Step 8: Now a detailed new project window will open, here you will provide the project name and the path of CloudSim project source code, which will be done as follows:

Project Name: CloudSim.

Step 9: Unselect the
‘Use default location’ option and then click on ‘Browse’ to open the path where you have unzipped the Cloudsim project and finally click Next to set project settings.


Step 10: Make sure you navigate the path till you can see the bin, docs, examplesetc folder in the navigation plane.
Step 11: Once done finally, click ‗Next‘ to go to the next step i.e. setting up of project settings

Step 12: Now open ‘Libraries’ tab and if you do not find commons-math3-3.x.jar (here ‘x’ means the minor version release of the library which could be 2 or greater) in the list then simply click on ‗Add External Jar’ (commons-math3-3.x.jar will be included in the project from this step)

Step 13: Once you have clicked on ‗Add External JAR’s‗ Open the path where you have unzipped the commons-math binaries and select ‗Commons-math3-3.x.jar‘ and click on open.

Step 14: Ensure external jar that you opened in the previous step is displayed in the list and then click on ‗Finish‘ (your system may take 2-3 minutes to configure the project)


Step     15: Once the project is
configured you can open the ‗Project Explorer‗and start exploring the Cloudsim project. Also for the first time eclipse automatically start building the workspace for newly configured Cloudsim project, which may take some time depending on the configuration of the computer system.

Following is the final screen which you will see after Cloudsim is configured.

Step 16: Now just to check you within the ‗Project Explorer‗, you should navigate to the
‗examples‗ folder, then expand the package ‗org.cloudbus.cloudsim.examples‗ and double click to open the ‗CloudsimExample1.java‗


Step 17: Now navigate to the Eclipse menu ‗Run ->Run‗ or directly use a keyboard shortcut ‘Ctrl + F11’ to execute the ‗CloudsimExample1.java‗.

Step 18: If it is successfully executed it should be displaying the following type to output in the console window of the Eclipse IDE

Result:

Thus the cloudsim is simulated using Eclipse Environment successfully.









3B----------------------------------------------------------------

Step 1: Link to download Eclipse and download Eclipse for Windows 64bit into your Local machine
https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/release/kepler/sr1/eclipse-ide- java-developers

Step 2: Download scheduling source code cloudsim-code-master from git hub repository in your local machine  https://github.com/shiro873/Cloudsim-Code

Step 3: Download commons-maths3-3.6.1 from git hub repository in your local machine https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-math/download_math.cgi

Step 4: Downloaded Eclipse, cloudsim-3.0.3 and Apache Commons Math 3.6.1 in your local machine and extract cloudsim-3.0.3 and Apache Commons Math 3.6.1

Step 5: First of all, navigate to the folder where you have unzipped the eclipse folder and open Eclipse.exe

Step 6: Now within Eclipse window navigate the menu: File -> New -> Project, to open the new project wizard

Step 7: A ‗New Project‗ wizard should open. There are a number of options displayed and you have to find & select the ‗Java Project‗ option, once done click ‘Next‗

Step 8: Now a detailed new project window will open, here you will provide the project name and the path of CloudSim-master-code project source code, which will be done as follows:

Project Name: CloudSim

Step 9: Unselect the ‘Use default location’ option and then click on ‘Browse’ to open the path where you have unzipped the Cloudsim-code-master project and finally click Next to set project settings

Step 10: Make sure you navigate the path till you can see the bin, docs, examplesetc folder in the navigation plane.

Step 11: Once done finally, click ‗Next‘ to go to the next step i.e. setting up of project settings

Step 12: Once the project is configured you can open the ‗Project Explorer‗ and start exploring the Cloudsim project. Also for the first time eclipse automatically start building the workspace for newly configured Cloudsim project, which may take some time depending on the configuration of the computer system.

Following is the final screen which you will see after Cloudsim is configured.

Step 13: Now just to check you within the ‗Project Explorer‗, you should navigate to the
‗src‗ folder, then expand the  package ‗default  package‗ and double click to  open the
‗RoundRobin.java‗.

Step 14: Now navigate to the Eclipse menu ‗Run ->Run‗ or directly use a keyboard shortcut ‘Ctrl + F11’ to execute the ‘RoundRobin.java‘. If it is successfully executed it should be displaying the following type to output in the console window of the Eclipse IDE.
